[DOCS] Network community ID processor for ingest pipelines (#66592)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/community-id.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="basic"]
[[community-id-processor]]
=== Community ID processor
++++
<titleabbrev>Community ID</titleabbrev>
++++

> Computes the Community ID for flow data as defined in the

Author: I'll defer to the ES Docs team reviewer on this one as I have no strong inclination either way.

> Computes the Community ID for flow data as defined in the

Reviewer: I don't think we should copy the paragraphs verbatim. That text is pretty Beats-centric. However, we can include a brief sentence about how a community ID is used and the ECS defaults. I've included a related suggestion below.

https://github.com/corelight/community-id-spec[Community ID Specification].

[[community-id-options]]
.Community ID Options
[options="header"]
|======
| Name               | Required | Default       | Description
| `source_ip`        | no       | `source.ip`   | Field containing the source IP address.
| `source_port`      | no       | `source.port` | Field containing the source port.
| `destination_ip`   | no       | `destination.ip` | Field containing the destination IP address.
| `destination_port` | no       | `destination.port` | Field containing the destination port.
| `iana_number`      | no       | `network.iana_number` | Field containing the IANA number.
| `icmp_type`        | no       | `icmp.type`   | Field containing the ICMP type.
| `icmp_code`        | no       | `icmp.code`   | Field containing the ICMP code.

> | `transport`        | no       | `network.transport` | Field containing the transport protocol.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that this field is only used when the iana_number field does not exist?

[role="xpack"]
[testenv="basic"]
[[community-id-processor]]
=== Community ID processor
++++
<titleabbrev>Community ID</titleabbrev>
++++

> Computes the Community ID for flow data as defined in the
> https://github.com/corelight/community-id-spec[Community ID Specification].

Reviewer: Lowercases `community ID`. Also adds a few additional sentences as noted above.
```suggestion
Computes the community ID for network flow data as defined in the
https://github.com/corelight/community-id-spec[Community ID Specification]. You
can use a community ID to correlate network events related to a single flow.

The community ID processor reads network flow data from related
{ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)] fields by default. If you use the ECS, no
configuration is required.
```

[[community-id-options]]
.Community ID Options
[options="header"]
|======
| Name               | Required | Default       | Description
| `source_ip`        | no       | `source.ip`   | Field containing the source IP address.
| `source_port`      | no       | `source.port` | Field containing the source port.
| `destination_ip`   | no       | `destination.ip` | Field containing the destination IP address.
| `destination_port` | no       | `destination.port` | Field containing the destination port.
| `iana_number`      | no       | `network.iana_number` | Field containing the IANA number.
| `icmp_type`        | no       | `icmp.type`   | Field containing the ICMP type.
| `icmp_code`        | no       | `icmp.code`   | Field containing the ICMP code.
| `transport`        | no       | `network.transport` | Field containing the transport protocol.
Used only when the `iana_number` field is not present.
| `target_field`     | no       | `network.community_id` | Output field for the community ID.
| `seed`             | no       | `0`           | Seed for the community ID hash. Must be between

> 0 and 65535. This can be use to prevent hash collisions between network domains

Reviewer: It's not clear if this range is inclusive or exclusive. I'd just add a parenthetical afterward, e.g. `(inclusive)`.
```suggestion
`0` and `65535`. The seed prevents hash collisions between network domains,
```
